It's a crazy time in the world with the Covid-19 changing the way we live on a daily basis. Right now it means I may not get back home to Canada to be with my siblings. In a way this is a blessing since I wouldn't actually be going home anyway.
A routnie screening mammogram identified an abnormality which has been confirmed to be ductal carcinom in-situ. If you're going to get cancer, this is you can easily treat and beat. The diagnosis was confirmed by ultrasound biopsy (x 7) and I was quickly referred to oncology. Dr. Nagahai and I met and he said I'd need either a lumpectomy followed by radiation, or a simple mastectomy. My choice. he also mentioned something about hormonal chemotherapy but I didn't take that in during this initial visit. He then referred me to Dr. ONeill, a reknown breast surgeon. As luck would have it though, I started what was similar to a menstral cycle. Oh joy! Anyway, I needed to follow up with this to as uterine bleeding at 61 years of age, isn't normal. I was referred to a gynecologist who was just weird. I first saw her nurse practitioner who was thorough and told me she wanted the dr. to do an endomedtrial biopsy after I had uterine ultrasound. The ultrasound was uncomfortable but nothing too traumatic. When I was seen by the gynecologist she came in the room along with 4 other people. Her "scribe" (apperently doctors don't dictate their own notes anymore) and nurse assistant, a medical student or maybe 2. Whatever, I of course made a jole saying I wish I'd known we were going to have a party, I would have come better prepared. Small polite laughter....
Before I'm put in stirrups, this gynecologist states that she understands I've a recent diagnosis of breast cancer and wants me to know, they are all family and she wants me to call her any time on her personal cell phone. I did say she was weird! Anyway, she proceeds to biopsey what I later find out was only a blood clot and no tissue. So that was useless. She also referred me to a gyne-oncologist.
This women, along with both their nurse practitioner and her resident were excellent. They very professionally removed a very visable polyp off my cervix. Connie was there with me and she noted how big the polyp was. Within a week the gyne-onc called me and let me know the tissue was not cancerous. I told her since the polyp was removed, the bleeding was all but stopped. She said that was great and to feel free to call her if I had any other issues. I'll call her Monday since the bleeding has come back, along with cramping and what I would describe as burning. So that's part of my day Monday.
Monday however will start with a nuclear stress test. As part of the routine workup for surgery, I had an ECG. Surprise, surprise...it seems at some point in my past I've had an MI. I then get referred to a cardiologist who repeats the ECG and confirms the finding. He orders the nuclear stress test. Let me just say, I've been cramming for it for the past 2 days. 
Knowing I have cancer and making the decision to keep that bit of information from my family has worn me down. I don't regret the decision at all and here is why and the actual reason for me writing this blurb. Our eldest sister, Hes, has been diagnosed with terminal lung cancer and just had her 2nd bout of paliative chemo.She's handling the chemo like a trouper and fortunately she seems able to ward off any other worst side-effects. Regardless, though we as a family know that Hes will not be around in 5 years time and likely will die long before that. OUr sister Holly lost her childhood best friend to metastic breast cancer earlier this year and while my diagnosis isn't even close to being the same, humans are human and that will play on Holly's mind. Our brother Craig has so much on his plate, he needs a catering truck. Our brother has taken on responsibility for all of us in more ways and for longer than I can describe. He is one in a bazillion (which beats Trumps Trilliions)
When Hes first told me she had lung cancer, she didn't have any difinitive information and so when she asked if I thought she should tell Holly and craig, I said no. She expressed anxiety over telling them since her cancer is directly linked to her smoking for the past several decades and she wasn't looking forward to their anger. The think is, anger is part of grief and we're all allowed our feelings. My point of not saying anything was only to be able to tell them that yes, she has lung cancer, and this is the pathway forward. Surgery, radiation, chemo...nothing was clear yet. And hence my reason for waiting to say anything. Everyone is in Canada and I'm in the US. What I've often referred to as being a spoiled brat, being able to enjoy 8 months in Arizona and 4 months in Canada has me alone, and my plan is to wait until I've have whatever surgery I need and be done with it. Then I'll be able to go back to Canada and tell them honestly what's happened.
The hiccup is this previous MI. What the AF.I'll get a better understanding of what that means after Monday. I'm nervous about this stress test. I think my brain is making shit up but I now feel discomfort in my chest which I can honestly say I've never felt before. The confounding thing is my breast surgeon ordered an MRI as part of the mapping procedure for excising my breast cancer and the results showed abnormal lymph nodes. Now I'm scheduled for a second ultrasound guided biopsy of my axillary lymph nodes. I know if they are involved I can kiss the lumpectomy goodbye, along with the simple mastectomy and that's fine by me. I don't give a flying fig about my boobs (despite a childhood nickname). In fact I'm having the genetic testing done to see if i should just have both off. That would actually be my preference since I have to to tell you, I never want to undergo another MRI again. Jane, I am completely empathetic to your claustrophobia now. It krept up on me occasionally in the past, but hit full bore being fed into that machine. I know it's stupid of me to wish for any more bad news and I do hope the genetic testing comes up negative. But I'll wait and see. 
I had to re-home Bloomer because as I mentioned, all of these hits are getting me down and she is just a baby who wants to play constantly and go for walks or even better, go for runs. A young couple, who both run every day, and just a few months ago had to put their first rescue to sleep due to age, are currently fostering Bloomer. There is a 2 weeks fostering period where they can test the waters with her since they have 2 cats. Now to my knowledge, Bloomer has never encountered a cat before but they said she is acclimating to them much faster and easier then their first rescue. Bloomer also was a bit nervous with the male of the house since she didn't have much exposure to that before either. It seems they've sorted that out nicely though in only 2 days so she's enjoying walking 2 - 3 times a day and going for a run. They are in Gilbert, AZ and have said that once things become more normal with covid-19, Courtney and I can come over for a BBQ and visit. They are very kind people.
Back to me and getting cleared for surgery....I've been on high blood pressure meds forever. Or atleast it feels that way. Yet my BP has not been well controlled so...I got referred to a different doctor for that. Not sure if I'm painting the right picture here but I'm starting to stack up the doctor cards and yes, I've started my own folder to try to keep all this in order. So Dr. Bonte decided to put me on a diaretic along with my regular medication. It was a bit too effective and my BP bottomed ou, making me light-headed and weak. so she cut that in half and by jove, I think we've got it! And a good thing too because my breast surgeon said she was NOT impressed with my BP when I was in her office. Well...as it turns out, I have what is commonly reffered to as "white-coat syndrome". Basically I get super anxious around doctors. Okay, if you've stopped laughing at that one, I meant doctors that actually have anything to do with treating me. I can work with them, along side them and for them...just not when they can control my care. However, so far, BP is under control.
Throughout all of this diagnostic drauma, my sebacious cyst, that I've had on my back for over 10 years without recurreance errupts into an infected mess. So Dr. Bonte calls in, (yes you got it...yet another doctor) a DO and he says, "yes I need to cut that out" Oh what fun we're having...and all of this is now happening working in the precautions of covid-19. So right now, my back is burning from a gapping wound since yes, he cut out the cyst, but couldn't close the wound and wants it to heal by secondary intention. In other words, it needs to form tissue from the deepest part of the wound up to the skin surface. It will take a bit of time, but hey, I'm not going anywhere except the nuclear studies lab! So I just have to ensure the skin doesn't close since then I'll just form another pocket. Likely a pocket of pus. Too much technical information? Read on. Now I'm just venting to the computer because I can, and I can always hit delete any time I want before any of you see this. So my back is burning, my chest hurts, I think I can feel the breast cancer growing and spreading, and my pelvic region is on a slow burn. The blood loss is not concerning at all. I'd just like to know what's going on down under? Good news...I can say wihtout hessitation there are no SNAKES!
